# Elves Gone Rouge

Christmas themed rougelike

# Story

You are Santa's best crafts Elf and over the past 20years have put up with
2000hrs of unpaid overtime, Christmas Inc. garnishing your wages for a broken
toy from 15 years ago, and increasing tax rates from Christmas Inc. all in the
name of the Christmas Spirit. A recent move to the "new" Santa's housing
development where the pipes are constantly frozen and the new "heating unit"
burnt down a section of your living quarters, you are now homeless and begining
to starve giving your family most of the food you can afford, in a last ditch
effort to save yourself and your faimly from starvation you go to Santa with
your greviences, as his best crafts Elf you think Santa would listen and likely
want for you and your family to be tended to espeically during this important
season of the year, but instead you were sent to a manager, who told you a new
unit would suffice in the basement of the factory where you work, you said this
is fine as long as there would be shelter, running water and food for your
family, the manager replies "of course Santa wishes only the merriest of
Christmas for his best crafts Elf." Satisfied and optimistic about the future
you head down to your new unit where you and your family celebrate this
occasion, later that month during work a group of Elves are sharing a video
where Santa is saying racist things about "The Elves" and a certian Elf in
particular, calling them a pain to deal with, and wishes that he could rid
himself of this entitled, ungreatful, and expensive Elf, the Elf Santa is
talking about is of course you, at this moment your entire worldview is
shattered, and many other Elves are outraged as well, how could Santa say such
horrible things about the Elves and not to mention one of his most loyal and
well respected crafts Elves? You and a group of your fellow Elves decide to
head up to Santa's office and confont him. While you gather this troupe, a lot
of ugly Dwarves exit Santa's office and decend down to the factory floor.

# Goal

Make your way through the procedurally generated factory floor and to Santa's
Office where you and the others will "talk" to Santa. These damn pesky Dwarves
are also in your way so you suppose murder is on the table if they get in the
way.

